This is the not section for github to gelp get good practice in.
Github Is the central section for Code and progjects.
To sum up my own understanding Git is a tool that tracks code phases and changes and also saves the prior updates and states of code so that it can be compared and reviewed.


Creating a workspace from github site to local.

Things VERY important to consider
1.Ensure to do work on a branch seperate from the MAIN branch(perferably by creating your own[Check the bottom left])
2.Communicate with the other members of the team to ensure that teamwork and coordination is accurate. This also ensures the most efficient workflow.
3.Use short names and lower case letters that describe the purpose of the branch. Use prefixes. 
4.Git Commit regularly.
5.Utilize atomic commits. This is a commit made specifically for One individual change.


Getting Started
1.Make sure to pull the code from the main branch so that the updated code is now in the workplace.
2.Do this By ensuring you are in the main branch.



Making a branch
1.Open a terminal in the coding workspace
2.Input git init to initiate the git workspace
3.Input git branch
-this should display the current branch your in.
4.Input git branch but after branch put the new branch name. This creates the new branch.
5.After this the new branch has to be checked into.
6.Navigate branches by inputing git checkout 'desired branch to go to'
7.If succesful it will display at the bottom left of the screen

Merging local changes with github main branch.
1.Save changes
2.Use the terminal and input "git add ."
-This pends changes before the commit storing what is updated in the workspace.(Ensure to save changes before adding[CTRL+S])
3.When ready input git push -u origin main
'-git push' is the base command, 'main' is the destination branch we desire the changes to
push to.
-'-u' is shorthand for set upstream{will research more later}
 4. Initiate a pull request if needed

 5.If a pull request is required go to github after the above steps.
 -If push was succesful it should show in github at top in yellow.(If not we can go to pull request tab and it should list all pull request)